now Solomon began to build the house of
now Solomon began to build the house of the Lord at Jerusalem on Mount Moriah
the Lord at Jerusalem on Mount Moriah
the Lord at Jerusalem on Mount Moriah where the Lord had appeared to his
where the Lord had appeared to his
where the Lord had appeared to his father David at the place that David had
father David at the place that David had
father David at the place that David had prepared on the threshing floor of Ornan
prepared on the threshing floor of Ornan
prepared on the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite and he began to build on
the Jebusite and he began to build on
the Jebusite and he began to build on the second day of the second month in
the second day of the second month in
the second day of the second month in the fourth year of his reign this is the
the fourth year of his reign this is the
the fourth year of his reign this is the foundation which Solomon laid for
foundation which Solomon laid for
foundation which Solomon laid for building the house of God the length was
building the house of God the length was
building the house of God the length was 60 cubits by cubits according to the
60 cubits by cubits according to the
60 cubits by cubits according to the former measure and the width 20 cubits
former measure and the width 20 cubits
former measure and the width 20 cubits and the vestibule that was in front of
and the vestibule that was in front of
and the vestibule that was in front of the sanctuary was 20 cubits long across
the sanctuary was 20 cubits long across
the sanctuary was 20 cubits long across the width of the house and the height
the width of the house and the height
the width of the house and the height was 120 he overlaid the inside with pure
was 120 he overlaid the inside with pure
was 120 he overlaid the inside with pure gold the larger room he paneled with
gold the larger room he paneled with
gold the larger room he paneled with Cypress which he overlaid with fine gold
Cypress which he overlaid with fine gold
Cypress which he overlaid with fine gold and he carved palm trees and chain work
and he carved palm trees and chain work
and he carved palm trees and chain work on it and he decorated the house with
on it and he decorated the house with
on it and he decorated the house with precious stones for beauty and the gold
precious stones for beauty and the gold
precious stones for beauty and the gold was gold from pavilion he also overlaid
was gold from pavilion he also overlaid
was gold from pavilion he also overlaid the house the beams and door posts its
the house the beams and door posts its
the house the beams and door posts its walls and doors with gold and he carved
walls and doors with gold and he carved
walls and doors with gold and he carved cherubim on the walls and he made the
cherubim on the walls and he made the
cherubim on the walls and he made the most holy place
most holy place
most holy place it's length was according to the width
it's length was according to the width
it's length was according to the width of the house 20 cubits and its width 20
of the house 20 cubits and its width 20
of the house 20 cubits and its width 20 cubits he overlaid it with six hundred
cubits he overlaid it with six hundred
cubits he overlaid it with six hundred talents of fine gold the weight of the
talents of fine gold the weight of the
talents of fine gold the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold and he
nails was fifty shekels of gold and he
nails was fifty shekels of gold and he overlaid the upper area with go in the
overlaid the upper area with go in the
overlaid the upper area with go in the most holy place he made two cherubim
most holy place he made two cherubim
most holy place he made two cherubim fashioned by carving and overlaid them
fashioned by carving and overlaid them
fashioned by carving and overlaid them with go
with go
with go the wings of the cherubim but 20 cubits
the wings of the cherubim but 20 cubits
the wings of the cherubim but 20 cubits in overall length one wing of the one
in overall length one wing of the one
in overall length one wing of the one cherub was five cubits touching the wall
cherub was five cubits touching the wall
cherub was five cubits touching the wall of the room and the other wing was five
of the room and the other wing was five
of the room and the other wing was five cubits touching the wing of the other
cubits touching the wing of the other
cubits touching the wing of the other cherub one wing of the other cherub was
cherub one wing of the other cherub was
cherub one wing of the other cherub was five cubits touching the wall of the
five cubits touching the wall of the
five cubits touching the wall of the room and the other wing also was five
room and the other wing also was five
room and the other wing also was five cubits touching the wing of the other
cubits touching the wing of the other
cubits touching the wing of the other cherub the wings of these cherubim
cherub the wings of these cherubim
cherub the wings of these cherubim spanned 20 cubits overall they stood on
spanned 20 cubits overall they stood on
spanned 20 cubits overall they stood on their feet and they faced inward and he
their feet and they faced inward and he
their feet and they faced inward and he made the veil of blue purple crimson and
made the veil of blue purple crimson and
made the veil of blue purple crimson and fine linen and wolf cherubim into it
fine linen and wolf cherubim into it
fine linen and wolf cherubim into it also he made in front of the temple two
also he made in front of the temple two
also he made in front of the temple two pillars thirty five cubits high and the
pillars thirty five cubits high and the
pillars thirty five cubits high and the capital that was on top of each of them
capital that was on top of each of them
capital that was on top of each of them was five cubits he made wreaths of chain
was five cubits he made wreaths of chain
was five cubits he made wreaths of chain work as in the inner sanctuary and put
work as in the inner sanctuary and put
work as in the inner sanctuary and put them on top of the pillars and he made
them on top of the pillars and he made
them on top of the pillars and he made 100 pomegranates and put them on the
100 pomegranates and put them on the
100 pomegranates and put them on the reeds of the chain were then he set up
reeds of the chain were then he set up
reeds of the chain were then he set up the pillars before the temple one on the
the pillars before the temple one on the
the pillars before the temple one on the right hand and the other on the left he
right hand and the other on the left he
right hand and the other on the left he called the name of the one on the right
called the name of the one on the right
called the name of the one on the right hand jacob and the name of the one on
hand jacob and the name of the one on
hand jacob and the name of the one on the left
the left
the left Boaz